Global capitalism is not the stent in your artery. Global capitalism is not the small medical engineering firm staffed with materials engineers and doctors who designed it. Global capitalism is not the clinical researchers who learned from early uses of it. Global capitalism is not the surgeon who put it in you.

Global capitalism is the regulatory burden that slowed the entry into the market of the stent for a decade, because the firm had to spend years raising capital to proceed through FDA approval processes that are a huge friction in the market and depress investment in new drugs, services, medical products, etc. like the stent.

Global capitalism is the reason that the stent was purchased by GSK or a competitor for distribution, because the small firm could not meet regulatory QA burdens without a massive and costly QA apparatus in a production facility. It's also why GSK pays the firm a measly royalty that they would never dream of asking to pay to a larger counterparty, because they know the smaller firm is squashed by the weight of a million regulations and doesn't have other good options, except an equally onerous agreement from another multinational competitor.

Global capitalism is the advisory firm that structured the deal and took points on the transaction before the engineering firm ever saw a dime.

Global capitalism is the same firm advising GSK on where to move bases of operation within the globe to avoid the same regulatory burdens that sap the strength of its upstart competition. Global capitalism is GSK acting on those recommendations, leaving the husks of their employees behind to seek employment at the same firm that made the stent, already under the thumb of GSK.

Global capitalism is the chief economist of GSK, university-trained, sitting in another one of the endless forums on diversity and inclusion, explaining how any objection in the "transition" of 10,000 GSK jobs to the global south is really just thinly-veiled racism, and we must be better than that.

Global capitalism is the arrangement of all of these forces: political, economic, financial, social, to the detriment of those "first world" shmucks who, but for GC, would have experienced growth in wages over the past several decades, social evolution but not upheaval, and better health.

Global capitalism is not Daedalus, and it is not Icarus. It is the sun, and the beasts of the Icarian Sea.