Aren't all lib arguments variants on the 'really' theme? What is the 'really' argument?

A 'really' is a thought-terminating utterance. It's a tool of an ideological fascist. At once, 'really' demands your subjection--"You are self-evidently in the wrong"--and signals the virtue of the other side--"I speak from a place of moral authority and clear evidence."

But this is the basic 'lib' argument on everything, whether or not there is a succession of words involved, right? I'm not talking liberal, like, left liberal. I'm not talking left economics, left policy. I'm talking lib.

The lib is the odious little Eichmann with his jackboots up on a fair trade Brazilian zebrawood coffee table, fingers woven behind his Schutzstaffel cap. He has no argument not only because none would support his position, but because none is required. The 'lib' traffics not in argument, but in propagandist cant and revelation.

'Really?' demands compliance without reason, and the John Olivers, Jon "Stewarts," and SNL hosts of the world use this to great effect. Not every really is a 'really?'; some are whole sentences, paragraphs, articles, and, in this case, bits. But if you look, and Oliver's segment is a perfect example of this, the important is not in the words, but the cadence.

So, for instance, listen to the way he talks about Boris Johnson's position, whom Oliver says has the economic acumen of Bam Bam from the Flintstones (Boris Johnson is the former Lord Mayor of London--his father studied economics at Columbia and Johnson himself studied Classics at Eton and Oxford). Johnson claims that the UK sends 350M pounds per week to Brussels under EU agreements.

Oliver claims this number has been 'thoroughly debunked', and that it's actually 190M pounds per week (according to the NYT), when considering various rebates. But then he gets into the meat of the "argument," and I'll quote it verbatim (in this he is aping Johnson):

"In fact we send the EU 190M per week, which as a proportion of our GDP makes sound fiscal sense. In fact, considering the benefits we reap in return ..." And then Oliver ends this portion of the segment. No explanation is provided for why 190M pounds per week makes sense as tribute to the EU, whether from a GDP basis or otherwise, and no tally of benefits is provided. The cadence suggests that the very notion that anyone should need further evidence is ridiculous.

Here is the lib sleight of hand. An argument is always suggested, not offered. To offer an argument is to engage with the non-lib as though the non-lib might have a leg to stand on. But that would conflict with the lib axioms of revelation and moral authority, so a battle is never joined. Instead, a mocking dismissal of the non-lib is provided by averring to arguments never offered which, usually, don't exist (or, when they do, any bright 14 year old can usually dismantle them, and do so in plain language).

Every lib 'argument' is a 'really?', no matter how dressed up.